## SI650 Final Project

- Sijun Tao & Jiajing Zhu

### Documents

The documents in this project are:

- `1.csv` and `2.csv`: generated by the code for obtaining game data from Steam. `1.csv` contains the link and ID of the game and `2.csv` contains the details of the game.
- `steam.csv  `: generated by `2.csv` after doing data cleaning.
- `SI650_query.csv`: the queries we created for testing and improving our model.
- `qrels.csv`: the relevance of the queries to the files. We manually do the annotations.
- `data_obtaining_cleaning.ipynb`: the code for obtaining and cleaning the game data.
- `project_evaluation_use.ipynb`: the code for constructing and evaluating our model and use the IR system we created.

- `/pd_index`: the directory which stores the index of our model generated by `project_evaluation_use.ipynb`.

  

### Instructions

1. Open and run all the cells in the file `data_obtaining_cleaning.ipynb`. This will generate `1.csv`, `2.csv` and `steam.csv`. If you do not want to run it (around 3 hours for crawling data), you can directly use the files we provided for you and skip this step.
2. Open the file `project_evaluation_use.ipynb`. 
3. Run all the cells in the **"1. Build the Model"** part in `project_evaluation_use.ipynb`. This will generate/ update the directory `/pd_index`.
4. Run the cell in the **"3. Run the IR system"** part in `project_evaluation_use.ipynb`.
5. You can use this IR system now! Type in the description of the game you want to search in the command window and it will return 10 most relevant games. The searching will not stop until you type in 'stop' in the command window.

Note that if you want to evaluate our model, you can run all the cells in the **"2. Evaluate the Model"** part in `project_evaluation_use.ipynb`.